hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
break down the horror movie called
piranha specifically the recent version
that was available in 3d
warning guys spoiler alert
fisherman matt boyd played by richard
dreyfuss fish is in lake victoria
arizona he whistles show me the way to
go home i guess a homage to the movie
jaws which he was in suddenly a huge
earthquake shakes the lake and opens a
massive underwater trench creating a
whirlpool beneath matt's boat
thousands of piranha fish pour out of
the newly opened chasm that falls
overboard into the whirlpool and is
violently eaten by the school of piranha
leaving matt's mangled body behind
meanwhile spring break descends upon
lake victoria bringing thousands of
college students to the area lake
victoria sheriff julie forrester played
by elizabeth shue is having a difficult
time juggling drunken college students
recent earthquake reports and her normal
duties her 17 year old son jake looks on
as his mother arrests a particularly
rowdy frat boy
jake takes in the spring break party
atmosphere as he goes to pick up his
little 10 year old sister laura from
music class on the way jake crosses pass
with kelly a local girl for whom he
harbors a huge crush
kelly invites jake to come to a
backstage party at concert with tickets
procured by the local bully todd todd
and his friend arrive they see kelly
talking with jake throw a slushy a jake
shirt rooming it and give him a finger
feeling awkward kelly leaves with todd
jake goes to find laura laura talks with
a beautiful dany a local girls gone
wild-ish glamour model in thomas shoot a
video with her boss and porn director
derek jones
jake arrives and is reluctantly enlisted
to be derek's location scout due to his
familiarity with the area derrick offers
to pay jake for a day's work and jake
accepts
that night julie and deputy fallen are
called out to investigate the
disappearance of matt boyd they arrive
at his fishing spot discover his empty
boat and ultimately his mangled corpse
they consider shutting down the lake
at home jake learns about derek jones
from a porn site and is interrupted by
his mother julie who orders him to stay
at home the next day to babysit his
little brother zane and sister laura
jake agrees to stay home and watch the
kids tomorrow
the next day julie and fallen learn that
in addition to patrolling spring
breakers they must accompany a team of
seismologists to investigate the newly
opened chasm in the lake caused by the
earthquake
team leader navak and divers sam and
paula take julia's patrol boat out to
the chasm sam and paula swim down into
the chasm
paula wades at the kazan opening to
maintain radio contact as sam swims into
the massive underwater lake there sam
discovers tens of thousands of unhatched
piranha eggs sam is suddenly bitten and
bleeds into the water the piranhas
appear and eat sam navak jumps in after
them he attempts to save paula who is
swiftly eaten bringing paula aboard
novak and julie discover it piranha
which had attached itself to her corpse
flopping around on the deck
they trapped the fish and immediately
take it to local pet shop owner mr
goodman
goodman identifies the piranha as an
extremely violent cannibalistic species
which went extinct two million years
earlier
they decide to evacuate lake victoria
meanwhile jake shirks has babysitting
duties and agrees to pay laura and zayn
dollar 60 in exchange for lying to their
mom and staying in the house
jake makes his way to derek's boat and
watches dany and another model named
crystal dance provocatively on the deck
as jake is about to board he runs into
kelly who confesses that todd lied about
having backstage passes and asks why he
isn't beta sitting his siblings derek
interrupts their conversation being both
a little drunk and attracted to kelly he
invites her aboard the party boat kelly
agrees to jake's annoyance on board jake
meets derek's cameraman drew the group
travels to a remote part of the lake
where drew and derek filmed danny and
crystal swimming new beneath the glass
bottom boat
laura and zayn bored at home break
jake's promise and take a canoe out to
go fishing they dock in an island and
accidentally lose their canoes straining
them both
they managed to flag down jake on
derek's boat and realizing that they are
the local sheriff's kids and that he is
covered in blow derek fearfully allows
them to board
laura and zayn peer out through the
boat's glass bottom and see many
piranhas swimming beneath them
back at the beach julie and fallen order
an evacuation which is promptly ignored
by the partigoers the piranhas arrive
and kill many particulars forcing the
survivors to flee for higher ground
notable deaths include the cowardly todd
who commandeers a motorboat runs over
and kills many injured people still in
the water until his engine stalls and
his boat is capsized party animal is
decapitated by an oncoming boat
[Music]
fallen grabs an outboard motor and
wielding it like a chainsaw shreds
numerous piranhas until he's overcome by
them and killed when they literally eat
his feet off
[Music]
nalvak seizes a jet ski and a shotgun
saving as many people as he can and the
survivors make their way out of the
water
[Music]
derek now high on cocaine demands that
they move to a new shooting location
with through driving the boat is
entangled in a mass of seaweed
angrily derrick takes control of the
boat accelerates breaks free from the
seaweed and slams into some underwater
rocks the glass bottom is shattered and
with kelly trapped below deck water and
piranhas begin to flood into the boat
derrick drew and crystal are thrown
overboard drew and crystal are
immediately killed as derrick swims back
to the boat with derrick clinton to the
side of the boat jake and danny managed
to pull him aboard shocked to find that
most of his legs and genitals have been
eaten by the piranhas
derrick seemingly dies and dany places a
beach towel over his corpse
more and more piranhas swarm into the
boat threatening kelly who is still
trapped below
jake attempts to pull kelly to safety
through a skylight which is too small
for her jake finally calls his mother on
his phone
julie answers and with novak and her
side is still a speed boat below deck
kelly bats off piranhas with a frying
pan
julie and novak arrive carefully reverse
towards derrick's sinking boat and toss
a tow cable across to jake who ties it
off to the deck
julie suspended over the water shimmies
across the cable to derek's boat danny
laura zane and julie cross back over to
the speed boat as numerous piranha leap
out of the water trying to eat them a
piranha snags danny's long hair she
falls into the water and is quickly
eaten alive
laura zane and julie make their way to
the speedboat and watch as jake unties
the tow cable intending to save kelly he
grabs derrick's still not dead corpse
lobs it over the side distracts the
piranhas long enough to swim under the
boat with the tow cable jake opens the
valves on the boat's propane tanks
flights to flares and gives novak the
signal to step on the gas
jake and kelly are yanked out of the
boat just seconds before the entire boat
explodes killing all the piranha within
a few hundred feet jake and kelly are
towed back to the speed boat and hoisted
on deck mostly uninjured
happily julie novak jake kelly laura and
zayn breathe a sigh of relief
julie's radio suddenly crackles goodman
is on the other end goodman tells her
that upon further inspection a piranha
specimen he has in his tank and all the
other piranhas in the lake lack
reproductive organs and are
fundamentally babies
novak jokes wondering what an adult
piranha would look like
suddenly a giant shark-sized piranha
leaps up onto the deck eating novak the
end
i really hope you enjoyed this recap
feel free to share some love by smashing
the like button also don't forget to
comment
thanks for watching
see you again soon